Use this file to ask any questions and we can collaborate on what the best option is. 

Questions:

Desiree – 

1.How will we handle if their keys do not work and they are unable to contact supplier 
or if supplier tells them to call us? It's our business on the line.

-Marcus
If the key does not work they will contact customer support by sending in a support ticket. 
The customer support will determine whether or not they will get a refund. 

2. How will we accept payment? Credit Card only? Paypal? Will need a credit check. We need 
to keep track of payment in our database. 

-Marcus
Credit card only for now. We have an entity that keeps transaction history and I believe 
Marvin added information for each customer’s credit card though whether or not it is saved is a matter of choice. 

3. How do we verify age? An acknowledgement agreement? Will need to keep track of if acknowledged
 and if so date of acknowledgement in database.

-Marcus
We can simply check their date of birth to see if they are over 21. Whether the underage person steals
 their parent’s credit card or what not isn’t our problem. We can implement an acknowledgement agreement 
 I suppose although we should focus on the basics for now. 

4. Will we pay for the games from the supplier upfront? Will we pay our supplier as we sell to our 
customers (i.e. will we get the sell then get billed by the supplier)? This may need to be in our database. 
(fyi buying the games upfront would be a bad business idea as what if the game does not sell or a new version 
is released. We would lose money. Having a selling license of some sort would be better business-wise. I wonder
 how other companies do this)

-Marcus
The game not selling is really just a part of business and that is up to us to determine whether the 
product will be in demand and we can buy accordingly. I will leave this one up to you.

5. Will we need a Permission class? This will link to Person and have subclasses based on permission 
level and attributes dictating what can be accessed.

-Marcus
I am not sure about this one. I think permissions are handled by the database administrator and not
 sure if it is actually implemented in the database. 

6. What happens when a customer wants to delete their account? We must still keep the data. Also when 
an employee is no longer employed. Might just change permissions.

-Marcus
We can delete the account but keep their transaction history. 

7. Will customers be able to call the customer service representative?

-Marcus
Yes

8. Need to deal with trouble ticket. Will this be done through the database?

-Marcus
Yes the customer should be able to submit a ticket which is basically contacting the customer support 
via a submission form. The submission form will probably be done with PHP and the whole exchange should
 probably happen over email. Holding the conversations and each form in the database would be kind of weird. 

9. Will the database hold information on stock? i.e. if something is out of stock or expected by 
a certain date. (this can be linked to the supplier...or the manager).

-Marcus
There is an attribute for the game saying how many are available. If available == 0 should show out
 of stock on the website. 

10. Decide if supplier should have access to database or not. If not then they are not a user of the system.

-Marcus
They will not be a user but we still need to hold their data/etc. 

11. Order will need attributes as listed in description above. Change buys to orders in ER.
